Update all the things (#316)
CyberDiscovery/meta: COMMANDS.md

`!tos` | Responds with <https://discordapp.com/terms>
`!cdtos` | Responds with <https://www.joincyberdiscovery.com/terms>
`!meta` | Responds with <https://github.com/CyberDiscovery/meta>
`!jibhatisnotinvolvedinthat` | Responds with <https://i.imgur.com/CoWZ05t.gif>
`!bbcnews` | Reponds with <https://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/live/bbcnews>
`!skynews` | Responds with <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Auq9mYxFEE>

## Mee6

Command | Purpose
--- | ---
`!challenges` | Responds with <https://bit.ly/2DNCt16>
`!murder` | Random thematic response
`!shhh` | Random thematic response
`!subtle` | Responds with <https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/463657120441696256/560247422912167949/unknown.png>
`!suppressdissent` | Random thematic response
`!theworstpunishmentwehave` | Responds with `Ok, banning them from the Q&A server!`
`!addgamesupport` | Add the Game Support role
`!removegamesupport` | Remove the Game Support role

## Cyber Discovery Bot

Commands for the community developed bot can be found on the [repository](https://github.com/cyberdiscovery/cyberdisc-bot) for the project.

## Maths Bot

Command | Purpose
--- | ---

> `!weekly` | Responds with the maths question of the week

Reviewer: The prefix is `%`.
```suggestion
`%help` | Lists possible commands and their usage.
`%weekly` | Returns the weekly maths question.
`%question [number] [category]` | Returns a maths question, either random (optionally from category) or with a specific number.
```
